# DEDuCT-KG files
This folder contains the node and edge files for DEDuCT-KG.

- [node_tables](./node_tables/) - This folder contains the data on the nodes present in DEDuCT-KG. Here, the nodes are split based on 7 node types:
    - [AOP.nodes.tsv](./node_tables/AOP.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 385 Adverse Outcome Pathway nodes curated from [AOP-Wiki](https://aopwiki.org/). For each node, this file provides the unique identifier, name, OECD status assoicated with the AOP, and the node type.
    - [Chemical.nodes.tsv](./node_tables//Chemical.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 1043 chemical nodes present in DEDuCTv3.0. For each chemical, this file provides the unique identifier, chemical name, Chemical Abstracts Service Registry Number (CASRN), PubChem chemical identifier (CID), and the node type.
    - [DEDuCT_Endpoint.nodes.tsv](./node_tables//DEDuCT_Endpoint.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 796 endocrine-mediated endpoint nodes present in DEDuCTv3.0. For each endpoint, this file provides the unique identifier, name, systems-level perturbation information, and the node type.
    - [Disease.nodes.tsv](./node_tables/Disease.nodes.tsv) - This file contains information on the 3098 disease nodes curated in DEDuCT-KG. For each disease, this file provides the unique identifier, name, and the node type.
    - [Gene.nodes.tsv](./node_tables/Gene.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 48999 gene nodes curated in DEDUCTv3.0. For each gene, this file provides the unique identifier, the gene symbol as the name of the node, and the node type.
    - [KeyEvent.nodes.tsv](./node_tables/KeyEvent.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 1547 key event nodes curated from [AOP-Wiki](https://aopwiki.org/). For each key event, this file provides the unique identifier, the key event name, level of biological organization (BOL) associated with the key event, and the node type.
    - [Phenotype.nodes.tsv](./node_tables/Phenotype.nodes.tsv) - This file contains the information on the 19238 phenotype nodes curated in DEDuCTv3.0. For each phenotype, this file provides the unique identifier, name of the phenotype, and the node type.

- [edge_tables](./edge_tables/) - This folder contains the data on the edge present in DEDuCT-KG. Here, the files are represented as '{node_type_1}.{edge_type}.{node_type_2}.edges.tsv', where the 'node_type_1' and 'node_type_2' correspond to the types of nodes the particular edge is connecting, and the 'edge_type' refers to the type of edge connecting the nodes. For example, ['Chemical.affects_expression_of.Gene.edges.tsv'](./edge_tables/Chemical.affects_expression_of.Gene.edges.tsv) contains the edge connecting 'Chemical' node type to 'Gene' node type, where the corresponding edge type is 'affects_expression_of'. Here each file contains the source node identifier, target node identifier, and metadata such as the reference for the edge, and the source from which reference was curated (if any). This folder contains 35 files, spanning 31 different edge types connected the 7 node types.
					
